# Computer_Science_Capstone
Project enhancements utilizing knowledge gained from my SNHU career.

# Self-Assessment

## Discuss how completing your coursework throughout the program and developing the ePortfolio has helped you showcase your strengths, shape your professional goals and values, and prepare to enter or become more employable in the computer science field.
Completing the coursework has helped me highlight my skills by teaching me various fields in computer science. I have gained direct experience with Programming languages. These include Python, Java, C++. I gained skills with databases using MongoDB, SQL, and connecting them with applications. I gained valuable skills in secure coding and software security, which will assist in my professional goal of working in the cybersecurity field. I gained knowledge about embedded systems, emerging technologies, full-stack development, mobile development, and much more. With the invaluable knowledge I gained at SNHU and the proof of how my skills have progressed from my old and new artifacts, I am prepared for a career in computer science.

# Address the following topics: collaborating in a team environment, communicating with stakeholders, data structures and algorithms, software engineering and database, and security. This section should function as an overall introduction to your skills, not a discussion of the artifacts.

The Computer Science program at SNHU taught me how to work in a team environment by having group projects. An example of this is in our SDLC course, each group member had to work as a specific role on the team. The experience I gained with stakeholders through my courses will benefit me by working in a professional environment. I learned how to take notes on what the stakeholders want, turn them into diagrams and flow charts, plan the UI-UX, and even create a security plan targeting specific vulnerabilities in their applications. Data structures and algorithm courses at SNHU have given me the skills to not only build applications, but make sure they are optimal by using the best data structure and algorithm for different situations. With a concentration in software engineering, I have gained skills in various programming languages, IDEs, databases, and much more. The security classes through SNHU helped develop my passion for the cybersecurity side of computer science. We learned how to evaluate vulnerabilities, mitigate risks, and develop safe applications using secure coding techniques. 

## This section should introduce your audience to the technical artifacts that follow the professional self-assessment.
The artifacts that I enhanced allowed me to demonstrate these skills by adding best practices to Software engineering, data structures and algorithms, and security. I enhanced an animal shelter application to catch all types of exceptions. I changed the data structures I was using to make it more efficient. I connected a MongoDB database to the application, so I was able to access and send data back and forth from the database.
